Man, it sure is cold.
What's the matter? You okay?
I lost my scarf.
Oh...
Then, let me give you mine.
But won't you be cold, Miss?
No, because I was born in
a place where it snows a lot.
Thank you, Miss!
It's pretty nippy...
I should swing by a convenience store
and get some hand warmers.
You really are a good gal. Put that on.
You must never tell anyone about this!
All right, all right.
And then, you know what Igarashi did?
She took her own scarf and wrapped it...
--Hey! Did you hear what
I said back there?
--...around the freezing girl's neck.
--Even though she looked
a bit cold herself.
--Keep your big mouth shut!
--Even though she looked
a bit cold herself.
--Keep your big mouth shut!
--But she endured it
for the girl's sake.
--Those two are as inseparable as ever.
--Senpai, I told you not to tell anyone!
--Isn't she such a good gal?
--They sure are.
--Senpai, I told you not to tell anyone!
--Isn't she such a good gal?
"Episode 3:
And Then, It's Christmas"
All right, everyone! Form a line!
Well, it looks like Christmas
has rolled around again.
Come draw your lot. Don't be shy now!
Not another Santa lottery...
All you do is hand out sweets.
Do a good job again this year.
No way! I never want to do it again!
What did you draw, Takeda-senpai?
Safe!
Who's it going to be this year?
"Safe" "Safe" "Safe"
"Santa"
It's me!
Huh?! It's you, Sakurai-san?
"Santa"
Darn. It finally came my way.
Last time I had my picture taken so many
times. Now it's your turn, Sakurai-san...
"Santa"
Looks like there are two Santas this year.
"Oshiruko"
I'm going to be Santa two years
in a row. How unlucky can you get?
They're all Christmas-related.
"Xmas Presents That Men Will Love"
I could get him a gift...
Dobryy den!
Tsu-Tsukishiro-san! You snuck up on
me again. Please, quit doing that!
So, what are you drinking today?
Uh... Oshiruko.
Oshiruko? Is it any good?
It sure is. Would you like to try some?
Much obliged.
Do you not like sweet stuff?
Darn that's hot...
Huh?
The food was great!
I'm glad you liked it.
The food was great, huh?
Yeah, it was so satisfying!
Let's go there again.
Oh, how beautiful!
Would you look at that!
It's Christmas already, huh?
It sure is...
What are your plans this Christmas?
Why, work of course.
You planning on getting anyone a gift?
Wh-Why?
Oh...
Just thought I'd ask.
Well, I've got to admit...
I have given it some thought.
You have?
Wait, are you telling me you've got a--
No! He's just a senpai at work.
A senpai?
He's always looking out
for me, so I thought...
But it only crossed my mind. I'm not
actually going to get him anything.
Why not? You should get him something.
Really?
A gift to express your habitual
feelings of gratitude for him.
I think that'd be really nice.
Okay, so...
...if I was going to get him something,
what would make a good gift?
Well... What about a necktie?
I think that'd be the perfect gift for
a coworker who's looked out for you.
A necktie, huh...?
Do you feel like getting
him something now?
W-Well... I guess so...
It's not what you think!
Really, it's not!
I haven't said a word.
I didn't know there were
so many different neckties...
Oh, that's a cute one.
But on Senpai? No...
Here's one with pandas.
But he's more of a bear...
What's this?
Which one should I pick?!
I'm at an utter loss here!
Are you looking for something?
I-I'm shopping for a gift,
but I don't know what to choose...
These two-toned neckties are a popular
choice among women buying gifts.
Hey...
This could be the one...
Thank you for shopping with us!
I actually bought it...
Merry Christmas!
No laughing! And no photos!
Here you go!
Oh, this just made my Christmas!
Please do this again next year!
Well, we'll just have to wait and see...
Kazama-kun.
Merry Christmas to you!
Thanks.
I'm swallowing my pride
to do this, you know!
My bad, my bad.
You're looking good again this year.
Flattery will get you nowhere!
Just hurry up and take them!
Futaba-chan, it's one
per person, remember?
In spite of what we said,
playing Santa was pretty fun, huh?
Well, all in the line of duty, I guess.
Hey, aren't you going
to give Takeda-san a gift?
Wh-Wh-Wh-Who, me? As if!
I think Takeda-san would be happy
to get a gift from you, Futaba-chan.
Igarashi-chan? Sorry to ask, but...
...could you give me a hand with this?
Sure!
Oh, that took longer than I thought...
"Nishimura/Nihonmatsu: Trip to Kumamoto
Ito: Filing | Takamoto: Mtg @ HQ
Nakagawa/Ooishi: Mtg @ Shiro Electric 3pm"
Shall we go where we
usually go again this year?
What should I do with this...?
"Today
Merry Xmas, Futaba.
You give him the gift?"
"No, not yet."
Hello?
You didn't give it to him?
I couldn't find the right time.
The right time, huh?
It's not like I could give it to him with
other people around, so I had no choice.
I mean... on second thought, I don't have
a reason to give him anything, anyway.
So, I don't think I really need to
go out of my way to give him this.
Is that how you really feel?
Yeah... but...
Well, if that's how you feel,
Futaba, then that's okay, I guess.
Oh, pizza's here.
Talk to you later.
It's how I really feel.
It is, but...
Oh, for crying out loud!
Good! No one's here.
It's not like I have to give it
to him personally or anything.
If I put it on his desk, it would stand
out, so maybe... on the seat of his chair?
Mornin'.
K-K-K-Kazama-san!
You're here awfully early!
We don't have much time left
until offices close for year's end, so...
Man, I'm drowsy.
No, we sure don't.
--Yes, that's right.
--I'll check on that right away
just to be sure.
Chief! There's a call for you on Line One.
Yes.
Please accept our apologies.
--Oh, I'm so sorry.
--I'll call you right back.
What's the deal?
We're, like, crazy busy...
Was it always like this at year's end?
Futaba-chan, did you eat lunch?
No, not yet, but... I'm fine.
Oh. Then, take this.
"The One Bar That Satisfies"
Take it easy, okay?
Thank you.
Igarashi, can I have a word with you?
Yes?
I got called into a meeting on
short notice. Can you come along?
Yes, of course.
That was exhausting.
You did a great job today, Igarashi!
I'm sorry for rushing around in
a panic before we left the office.
You didn't look that way to me.
I think you're doing really well.
I see...
All right, let's go.
Huh? Are we just going to go
our separate ways after this?
If so, that means...
Now's my only chance to give him this...
Excuse me!
Your stomach's rumbling pretty hard there.
It's because I couldn't eat lunch today!
You want to go get something to eat?
Sure.
Any place you want to go?
What? Well...
"Xmas Special Roast Chicken
3 pcs for 1,480 yen"
How about chicken?
Oh, that sounds great!
This is so good! Great call, Igarashi!
This is the best!
This is still kind of Christmassy, huh?
Yes... I suppose it is.
What are you looking at?
Huh?
Weren't you taking pictures
of Futaba-chan?
Did I look that weird playing Santa?
No, you didn't. Not in the slightest!
Oh, really?
Just teasing you!
You might be next, Kazama-kun.
It might be you again, Sakurai.
I'm usually pretty lucky
at lotteries, though.
Well... I guess you weren't
so lucky this time.
Well, maybe...
What is it?
I was just thinking that...
...maybe drawing the Santa lot
was kind of lucky in a way.
Because you were out here waiting
for me, weren't you Kazama-kun?
Um...
Please, don't tease me so much.
A-All right...
Sorry, sorry.
Okay, see you next week!
Okay.
Sakurai!
Um... Since it is Christmas and all...
Would you like to go somewhere
to get something to eat?
--Yes!
--A-All right.
It's going to be a Christmas party
without any presents, though...
Eating good food will be our presents.
Yeah.
I...
Did you say something?
No.
Ramen! I want to eat ramen!
But this is a Christmas party, you know.
The place I have in mind
makes it really good.
Well, okay I guess...
It's settled, then. Come on, let's go!
Hey!
--All Christmas cakes are now half-price!
--They're half-price. Wanna get one?
--Well... I'm pretty stuffed, so...
--Would you like one?
Oh. It'll be kind of dull
when Christmas is over, huh?
It certainly will...
What is it? Oh...
Hey, look! It's snowing, Igarashi!
Gotcha! Gotcha!
Feels cold.
Takeda-senpai!
Huh?
Today's Christmas, and...
...since you're always
looking out for me, Senpai...
This is...
I-It was pretty hard finding
the right time to give it to you...
And because you're older,
I really had no idea what to get.
So, if you don't like it, I'm totally okay
with you throwing it away.
Thanks! I'll take good care of it!
Th-Then, I guess... that's great.
Yeah! Oh, I almost forgot.
Here you go.
What's this?
You gave that girl your scarf, right?
Well, that there's...
...my Christmas gift to you.
Th-Thank you so much.
It's nothing special, though.
"Last day of work before year's end!
Allow ample time to do
a thorough cleaning!"
I wonder if Takeda-senpai will come to
work wearing the necktie I gave him.
Morning!
Hey, Igarashi. There's something
I've got to ask you.
It's about that gift
you gave me the other day.
--I knew he wouldn't wear it.
--It looked really good
when I tried it on.
--I didn't know what his
taste in ties was.
--And personally,
I like it a lot, but...
--It's really no big deal...
--...it might get dirty
if I wear it, so...
--I did say he could throw it away.
--...it might get dirty
if I wear it, so...
--So then, why am I about to cry?
--...it might get dirty
if I wear it, so...
Hey, are you okay?
Oh, I'm sorry. What did you say?
I said,
"Could I take this necktie you gave me
and put it on my desk for show?"
I thought I'd come to
the office wearing it,
but it's just too good for that.
--If it's on my desk,
it won't get dirty...
--No. You. Can. Not.
--If it's on my desk,
it won't get dirty...
Huh?
No, you can't!
Why do you think I bought it for you?
Okay, I'll display it at home, then.
Just put it on!
"And so he did."
"Illustration: Asanagi"